# My EasyShop BackEnd

## DESCRIPTION
This project creates the architecture for the backend of a e-commerce website dealing with it's database mainly through Express and Sequelize node modules. What are you waiting for? Let's sell and make money!

## TABLE OF CONTENTS
* [Installation](#installation)
* [Usage](#instructions)
* [Contributing](#contribution)
* [License](#license)
* [Contact](#contact)



## INSTALLATION
1 - Make sure you have Insomnia and Node.js preinstalled on your machine.  
2 - Clone this application repository into a local folder in your computer.  
3 - On your command line, navigate to this application folder, and run the command <npm install> to install the required NPM packages.  
   
And that was it. YOu're all set to start using your new backend app.  


## USAGE
1 - On your command-line, navigate to this application folder and run the command <node seeds/index.js> to populate your database.  
2 - Then, run <node server.js> to run the server on your localhost.  
3 - Open Insomnia App. Here, you can fecth data from database, post new data or update it.  
	To retrieve information, you must make a GET request. Your path options are:  
		- /api/categories
		- /api/categories/<id_number>
		- /api/products
		- /api/products/<id_number>
		- /api/tags
		- /api/tags/<id_number>
	To update a specific category, product or tag, use the paths above specifying the id of the data you want to update using a PUT request. For example:  
		- /api/categories/2
	Then enter a json object in the foolowing format:
		{
		"key_name": "value",
		"key_name": 100.00,
		}
	For example: 
		    {
      			"product_name": "Basketball",
      			"price: 200.00",
      			"stock": 3,
      			"tagIds": [1, 2, 3, 4]
    			}
	To Add a new product, it is the same proceidure as to update it, but using a POST request. The same goes as to GET, POST or PUT categories or tags.


## CONTRIBUTING
You are welcome to help if you have any ideas to improve our project! If you want to do so, just follow these steps:

1 - Fork the repository.  
2 - Create a new branch for you new feature or bug fix.  
3 - Make the changes you have in mind.  
4 - Commit your changes and push them to your fork.  
5 - Open a pull request detailing the changes you've made.

## LICENSE
MIT license

# CONTACT
* Github: [LeopoldoGurgel](https://github.com/LeopoldoGurgel)
* E-mail: leopoldogbp@gmail.com

This file was generated by Easy Readme Generator